So, I just want to highlight
why SQL Injections are so important and so dangerous.
The reason behind that is they are found,
you can find them everywhere,
a lot of places, a lot of big websites
have these kind of exploits
and like things like Yahoo, Google had them.
They are very hard to protect against
and it's very easy to make a mistake
to make these exploits available for exploitation.
The other reason that they're very dangerous
is that they give you access to the database.
In many scenarios, if you find an SQL Injection
you really don't need to upload the PHP shell
or get a reverse connection.
There is really no point of uploading stuff
and then increasing the danger of being caught
cause if you have access to the database,
as we've seen here, you pretty much have
everything you need, you have usernames, passwords,
you can log in with normal username
and a password as a normal user,
or you can, if you are looking for a sensitive data,
we can see that we had access to credit cards.
You pretty much can do anything you want
so there is really no point of trying
to further exploit the system.
If you found an SQL Injection bingo,
like that's all you need really.
In many scenarios, we actually use a PHP shell
to gain access to the database and see if we can read it.
Like, say, for example, if you manage
to upload a PHP shell on the server,
on this server, the metasploitable,
but then you couldn't access the database.
There isn't much that you can see.
You can't see credit cards,
you can't see username and passwords, you really can't.
Yeah you have control over the server,
but you can't read stuff.
So sometimes when you upload a PHP shell,
the next step is, I need to gain access to the database.
Another thing is that they can be used to do many things.
So if you find if you manage to find an SQL injection
in a website that is not your target,
so it's not the one that you're targeting,
but it's in the same server,
then you can use it to read files outside the WW route.
So similar to file inclusion vulnerabilities,
you can use it, you can use the admin the username
and password for the admin and see if you can upload stuff.
Usually the admin can upload a lot of things
instead of just images,
and then you can upload a PHP shell
or a backdoor from there.
And then from there, navigate to your target computer,
or to the target website, sorry.
Or, you can actually in some cases,
you can use it to upload a PHP shell,
you can use this an SQL injection to upload a PHP shell.
So basically, SQL injections can be used
as file inclusion vulnerabilities.
They can be used as file upload vulnerabilities.
And also they'll give you access to the whole database.
That's why they are very, very dangerous
and very useful if you manage to find one.